= IP2Location Ruby Library
This is IP2Location Ruby library that enables the user to find the country, region or state, city, latitude and longitude, US ZIP code, time zone, Internet Service Provider (ISP) or company name, domain name, net speed, area code, weather station code, weather station name, mobile country code (MCC), mobile network code (MNC) and carrier brand, elevation, and usage type by IP address or hostname originates from.  The library reads the geo location information
from **IP2Location BIN data** file.

Supported IPv4 and IPv6 address.

For more details, please visit:
[http://www.ip2location.com/developers/ruby](http://www.ip2location.com/developers/ruby)

== Usage

    i2l = Ip2location.new.open(File.dirname(__FILE__) + "/assets/IP-COUNTRY-SAMPLE.bin")
    record = i2l.get_all('13.5.10.6')
    record.should_not be_nil
    record.country_short.should == 'US'

== Contributing to ip2location
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Sample BIN Databases

* Download free IP2Location LITE databases at [http://lite.ip2location.com](http://lite.ip2location.com)  
* Download IP2Location sample databases at [http://www.ip2location.com/developers](http://www.ip2location.com/developers)

== Support

Email: support@ip2location.com  
URL: [http://www.ip2location.com](http://www.ip2location.com)